---
title: "Lets get this party started."
date: 2024-08-10
categories:
  - blog
tags:
- blogging
---
I am riddled with executive dysfunction and various neuroses, and i like to do this cool and awesome thing where i will sit down for 2-6 hours straight and hyperfocus on a task i am *SURE* will fix my lack of productivity, for good. 
I make a new account on a new blogging site, totally convinced that this time I will actually get back into blogging. Never happens.

For example, I totally forgot I had even made this for *6 MONTHS*. During that time I have had a chaotic on/off relationship with other sites: tumblr, x (formerly twitter, now ruined thanks to the worlds most pathetic man), neocities, cohost, spacehey...
All in an effort to avoid using github pages with Jekyll, all trying to *replace* github pages with jekyll. None have managed, so far.

In an ideal world, I would have the time and energy to write up my *own* website, that works how *I* want it to, not using someone else's tool. But this is not an ideal world - I am severelly mentally ill. I can't maintain something of that scope. But, I still want somewhere to post that has some semblance of belonging to me, somewhere that *hopefully* won't be scraped by AI, or have its data harvested and sold to some sleazy advertising company. IDK.

I want to write up silly stuff like this, post my drawings, and when the urge strikes me, make silly little web design projects and host them here. I could even do something with Godot and HTML5, I've tested it before and it works!

So yeah. I wanna start using this, though we'll see if that sticks.

See you, hopefully, soon! - Kat
